So we are here to different our position on the foundation which is that could be in
a better technology in the classroom. For me, I think that technology in school could
harm more than be good for students. For me schools should be moderated their
utilization of new technology.
Okay, so in my opinion the technology in school is not harm but is like an experience
and a thing to improve the learning of these students and the express of these students.
Okay, I understand you point of view but for me I think that it could improve their
capacities but it also could distract them where they are in class and they just look
at the screen and for me and for therapists also students and young people are already
too much in front of a screen. We can heard before that they are six or eight hours per day
in front of a screen and if new technologies are allowed in school we couldn't
reduce this screen time.
Okay, I could consider eight that can distract students but I think the students
are wondering the learn and they can be more, I don't know, but...
Do you think that technologies can interest students more than if they are just with a pen?
Yes, it's like they are in her house and it's more familiar for him to take
technologies and to simply learn.
Yeah, I couldn't agree more with you in this point and I think we can have a compromise
with this. For me I think that a little time of screen in school couldn't have
bad effect on the students because they have to live with their time but I think
school should moderate their use.
Yes, they need to restrict the time of the students in the screen because I think
the students can be more able to deal with if they have a good situation
and to use it.
Okay, yeah, I agree with you.
And for you, what is the perfect time in the day for students?
I think that's half an hour for day, it's a good time for students because
extend this time the students were not concentrated in the school.
Yeah, I agree with you with that.
And I also think that if there are more than one or two hours per day in front of a screen like
the therapist, I agree with this.
Students could have a addiction to technologies and their screen and their phone.
Yes, my meanwhile the school, some students have an addiction with the screen.
And the school didn't under the phone.
And the school have a goal and this goal is to learn.
And I think that's the learning can be passed with the screen with technology.
But it's not the only goal of school.
It's not the school of technology, it's school.
So it's school to learn not to disrespect.
Yeah, I agree with you on this.
And to talk about another point, what do you think technology could do between students
who don't have a lot of money and don't have access to technologies.
And the students who already had a phone, a computer and others.
I think it's great disparities between a school who have technology who have technology.
And these disparities need to be put, not protected, but limited, I think.
Because if we create disparities, we need to involve the fact that we can have people with or not technology.
And it's simply to school to create an environment for Android technology and school.
And not just for show us the disparity between this person or this person who have technology and who haven't.
Yeah, yeah, I understand what you just said.
So to sum up, we agreed that one hour of technology and screen per day in school, it's okay.
It's not too much.
It's a good condition for students, I think.
And to conclude, yes, technology is create disparities.
But it also creates good moments for students.
And they can just enjoy to stand up for in school.
And that's my point.
Okay, I agree with you on this.